initial draft for advisory on CVE-2023-3699 (#858)
SovereignCloudStack/website: _i18n/en/_posts/blog/2024-02-20-cve-2023-3966.md

ovs-vsctl: no key "hw-offload" in Open_vSwitch record "." column other_config
```

If hardware offloading is enabled the output differs:

```
dragon@manager:~$ docker exec -it openvswitch_vswitchd ovs-vsctl get Open_vSwitch . other_config:hw-offload
"true"
```

This is typically enabled through `openvswitch_hw_offload: "yes"` in the host vars or `configuration.yml`.

In any case, operators of OpenStack platforms are advised to deploy fixed versions.

## Mitigation and Fixes

For any version of Open vSwitch, disabling flow hardware offload will
prevent the issue (setting other_config:hw-offload=false and reboot
the system).  We do not recommend attempting to mitigate the vulnerability
this way because it may impact the overall system throughput.

By default, flow hardware offload support is not enabled.

Open vSwitch has been updated to [version 3.1.4](https://www.openvswitch.org/releases/NEWS-3.1.4.txt).
Updated images have been built by [OSISM](https://osism.tech/) and are available to be installed.

Set `openvswitch_tag: "2023.1"` in the configuration repository in `environments/kolla/configuration.yml`.
Afterwards run `osism apply -a upgrade openvswitch`.

> This will deploy the latest images of the Antelope series. This includes openvswitch 3.1.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will deploy the latest openvswitch images for OSISM 6.0.x series (SCS R5, using OpenStack Antelope), pulling openvswitch 3.1.4.
```
